Document dotnet-gcdump tool (#19697)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/index.md

The [dotnet-dump](dotnet-dump.md) tool is a way to collect and analyze Windows and Linux core dumps without a native debugger.

### dotnet-gcdump

> The [dotnet-gcdump](dotnet-gcdump.md) tool is a way to collect gcdumps of live .NET processes.

Author: ```suggestion
The [dotnet-gcdump](dotnet-gcdump.md) tool is a way to collect GC (Garbage Collector) dumps of live .NET processes.
```
